% !TeX program = pdfLaTeX
\documentclass[12pt]{article}
\usepackage{amsmath}
\usepackage{graphicx,psfrag,epsf}
\usepackage{enumerate}
\usepackage{natbib}
\usepackage{url} % not crucial - just used below for the URL

%\pdfminorversion=4
% NOTE: To produce blinded version, replace "0" with "1" below.
\newcommand{\blind}{0}

% DON'T change margins - should be 1 inch all around.
\addtolength{\oddsidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\evensidemargin}{-.5in}%
\addtolength{\textwidth}{1in}%
\addtolength{\textheight}{1.3in}%
\addtolength{\topmargin}{-.8in}%

\begin{document}

\def\spacingset#1{\renewcommand{\baselinestretch}%
{#1}\small\normalsize} \spacingset{1}


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

\if0\blind
{
  \title{\bf Performance Comparison of Common Face Detection APIs using Video Stills
from Professional Tennis Matches}

  \author{
        Stephanie Kobakian \thanks{The authors gratefully acknowledge \ldots{}} \\
    Monash University\\
     and \\     Mitchell O'Hara-Wild \\
    Monash University\\
     and \\     Dianne Cook \\
    Monash University\\
     and \\     Stephanie Kovalchik \\
    Victoria University and Tennis Australia\\
      }
  \maketitle
} \fi

\if1\blind
{
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \bigskip
  \begin{center}
    {\LARGE\bf Performance Comparison of Common Face Detection APIs using Video Stills
from Professional Tennis Matches}
  \end{center}
  \medskip
} \fi

\bigskip
\begin{abstract}
This paper examines the effectiveness of facial detection APIs on
broadcast video stills of Australian Open tennis matches. The goal is to
determine the best API to use for face detection of players throughout a
match. For training purposes, faces were manually tagged in 6406 images,
using a specially constructed web application, recording the scene
characteristics and features of individual faces, such as head wear or
sunglasses. API performance was evaluated on their success rate at
detecting the tagged faces, and also relative face and scene attributes.
\end{abstract}

\noindent%
{\it Keywords:} data science, sports analytics, shiny, R
\vfill

\newpage
\spacingset{1.45} % DON'T change the spacing!

\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}

This template demonstrates some of the basic latex you'll need to know
to create a ASA article.

\section{Verifications}
\label{sec:verify}

This section will be just long enough to illustrate what a full page of
text looks like, for margins and spacing.

\citet{Campbell02} \citeauthor{Schubert13}
\citetext{\citeyear{Schubert13}; \citealp{Chi81}}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. \textbf{With this spacing we
have 30 lines per page.}

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped
over the lazy dog. The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog. The
quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.

\bibliographystyle{agsm}
\bibliography{references.bib}

\end{document}
